Version 04 (#33)
NLnetLabs/draft-toorop-dnsop-dns-catalog-zones: draft-ietf-dnsop-dns-catalog-zones.md

: An entity that extracts information from the catalog zone (such as a DNS
  server that configures itself according to the catalog zone's contents).

# Description {#description}

> A catalog zone is a specially crafted DNS zone that contains, as DNS zone content a list of DNS zones (called "member zones"), plus properties associated with those zones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A catalog zone is a DNS zone whose contents are specially crafted. Its records primarily constitute a list of PTR records referencing other DNS zones (so-called "member zones"). The catalog zone may contain other records indicating additional metadata (so-called "properties") associated with these member zones.
```
